Drag out drag out
Hey what are you doing
Let go and I'll go by myself
Oh, Lao Liu.
Oops, shopkeeper, you're finally back.
What's up?
Something big happened, and our workshop was smashed by someone.
Pardon me?
Take me there quickly
Hey, Quan
Ah Quan Hey Boss
A group of catchers just came
Take away all the teachers just now
What's going on?
Who did it?
Boss, I said you provoked someone you shouldn't have provoked
Let you get out of the way
Responsible for this smashing your 9th floor I know who it is
So you take them to the doctor first.
All the expenses I sweat
Husband, this is really awesome
Lin has always been a brat, must he be pissed off?
Wang Qianju, you are so ruthless
Then don't blame me for being rude.